+++
title = "reading list: 2000s"
description = "books i've read in the 2000s"
weight = 2
+++

Look for the <mark>highlighted</mark> titles—those are my all-time favorites. 

[← Return to reading list](/reading/)

## Navigate by year 

| 2000s | | | | | |
| --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- |
| [2000](#2000) | [2001](#2001) | [2002](#2002) | [2003](#2003) | [2004](#2004) |
| [2005](#2005) | [2006](#2006) | [2007](#2007) | [2008](#2008) | [2009](#2009) |

{{ divider(style="line") }}

## 2000

- *Death: The High Cost of Living* by Neil Gaiman 
- *Violet & Claire* by Francesca Lia Block 
- *The Perks of Being a Wallflower* by Stephen Chbosky 
- *The Bell Jar* by Sylvia Plath   
- *Harlequin Valentine* by Neil Gaiman 
- *Sandman, Vol. 1: Preludes & Nocturnes* by Neil Gaiman 
- *The Hanged Man* by Francesca Lia Block 
- *Death: The Time of Your Life* by Neil Gaiman 
- *Pieces: A Collection of New Voices* edited by Stephen Chbosky 
- *The Rose and the Beast: Fairy Tales Retold* by Francesca Lia Block 
- *I Was a Teenage Fairy* by Francesca Lia Block 
- *Girl* by Blake Nelson 
- *Art & Lies: A Piece for Three Voices and a Bawd* by Jeanette Winterson

## 2001

- *House of Leaves* by Mark Z. Danielewski   
- *The Poisonwood Bible* by Barbara Kingsolver   
- *Outline of My Lover* by Douglas A. Martin   
- *Good Omens* by Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman  
- *Slaughterhouse-Five* by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.   
- *Smoke and Mirrors: Short Fiction and Illusions* by Neil Gaiman  
- *Echo* by Francesca Lia Block 
- *Nymph* by Francesca Lia Block 
- *Drawing Blood* by Poppy Z. Brite  
- *Lost Souls* by Poppy Z. Brite  
- *The Great Gatsby* by F. Scott Fitzgerald   
- *Fences* by August Wilson 
- *Wicked* by Gregory Maguire
- *Their Eyes Were Watching God* by Zora Neale Hurston   
- *Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit* by Jeanette Winterson   
- *Other Voices, Other Rooms* by Truman Capote   
- *Valencia* by Michelle Tea   
- *The Passionate Mistakes and Intricate Corruption of One Girl in America* by Michelle Tea   
- *The Sound and the Fury* by William Faulkner   
- *Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone* by J.K. Rowling 
- *The Sandman Vol. 2: The Doll's House* by Neil Gaiman 
- *The Sandman Vol. 3: Dream Country* by Neil Gaiman 
- *The Sandman Vol. 4: Season of Mists* by Neil Gaiman 
- *The Sandman Vol. 5: A Game of You* by Neil Gaiman 
- *The Sandman Vol. 6: Fables & Reflections* by Neil Gaiman 
- *The Sandman Vol. 7: Brief Lives* by Neil Gaiman 
- <mark>*The Celluloid Closet* by Vito Russo</mark>

## 2002

- *The Triggering Town: Lectures and Essays on Poetry and Writing* by Richard Hugo
- *Great Expectations* by Charles Dickens   
- *American Gods* by Neil Gaiman  
- *The Sun Also Rises* by Ernest Hemingway   
- *Ecstasia* by Francesca Lia Block 
- *Heart of Darkness* by Joseph Conrad   
- *Jitterbug Perfume* by Tom Robbins   
- *The Powerbook* by Jeanette Winterson   
- *Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets* by J.K. Rowling 
- *Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban* by J.K. Rowling 
- *The Sandman Vol. 8: Worlds' End* by Neil Gaiman 
- *The Sandman Vol. 9: The Kindly Ones* by Neil Gaiman 
- *The Sandman Vol. 10: The Wake* by Neil Gaiman 
- *Gut Symmetries* by Jeanette Winterson   
- *Catch-22* by Joseph Heller   
- *Allan Stein* by Matthew Stadler and Allan Stadler   
- *Beloved* by Toni Morrison   
- *Nightwood* by Djuna Barnes   
- *Possessing The Secret Of Joy* by Alice Walker   
- *Written on the Body* by Jeanette Winterson   
- *The Collected Works of Billy the Kid* by Michael Ondaatje 
- *Invisible Cities* by Italo Calvino   
- *Don Quixote* by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra   
- *Coraline* by Neil Gaiman 
- *The Passion* by Jeanette Winterson   
- *The Red Tent* by Anita Diamant   
- *The Odyssey* by Homer 
- *Confessions* by Augustine 
- *Pride and Prejudice* by Jane Austen
- *Tess of the D'Urbervilles* by Thomas Hardy

## 2003

- *Off the Map* by Kika Kat and Hib Chickena 
- *The Sandman: Endless Nights* by Neil Gaiman 
- *Atonement* by Ian McEwan   
- *Days of War Nights of Love: Crimethink for Beginners* by CrimethInc.
- *Sexing The Cherry* by Jeanette Winterson   
- *Spider Woman's Granddaughters: Traditional Tales and Contemporary Writing by Native American Women* by Paula Gunn Allen   
- *Primavera* by Francesca Lia Block 
- *In Favor of the Sensitive Man and Other Essays* by Anaïs Nin
- *Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture* by Douglas Coupland   
- *The Real Life of Sebastian Knight* by Vladimir Nabokov   
- *Bastard Out of Carolina* by Dorothy Allison   
- *Y: The Last Man Vol. 1: Unmanned* by Brian K. Vaughan et al. 
- *Selected Short Stories* by D.H. Lawrence   
- *Nisei Daughter* by Monica Itoi Sone 
- *Mrs Dalloway* by Virginia Woolf   
- *The Chelsea Whistle* by Michelle Tea 
- *Pale Fire* by Vladimir Nabokov   
- *The Autobiography of Malcolm X* by Malcolm X and Alex Haley 
- *The Lives of the Muses: Nine Women and the Artists They Inspired* by Francine Prose
- *For colored girls who have considered suicide/when the rainbow is enuf* by Ntozake Shange 
- *White Apples* by Jonathan Carroll   
- *No Logo* by Naomi Klein
- *The Unbearable Lightness of Being* by Milan Kundera   
- *The Wolves in the Walls* by Neil Gaiman 
- *Paradise* by Toni Morrison   
- *Neon Vernacular: New and Selected Poems* by Yusef Komunyakaa 
- <mark>*Ada, or Ardor: A Family Chronicle* by Vladimir Nabokov</mark> 
- *The World and Other Places: Stories* by Jeanette Winterson

## 2004

- *Autobiography of Red* by Anne Carson 
- *Lolita* by Vladimir Nabokov   
- *Wasteland* by Francesca Lia Block 
- *Marvel 1602* by Andy Kubert, Todd Klein, Peter Sanderson, Neil Gaiman, Richard Isanove 
- *Wanderlust: A History of Walking* by Rebecca Solnit 
- *The Luzhin Defense* by Vladimir Nabokov   
- *Cane* by Jean Toomer   
- *The Gift* by Vladimir Nabokov   
- <mark>*Plainwater: Essays and Poetry* by Anne Carson</mark>
- *Love and Garbage* by Ivan Klíma   
- *Tales of the Jazz Age* by F. Scott Fitzgerald   
- *Tender Is the Night* by F. Scott Fitzgerald   
- *Reading Lolita in Tehran: A Memoir in Books* by Azar Nafisi 
- *One Hundred Years of Solitude* by Gabriel García Márquez   
- *Guarding the Moon: A Mother's First Year* by Francesca Lia Block 
- *Cyrano de Bergerac* by Edmond Rostand 
- *Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim* by David Sedaris 
- *Transparent Things* by Vladimir Nabokov   
- *Mary* by Vladimir Nabokov   
- *Time's Magpie: A Walk in Prague* by Myla Goldberg
- *Possession* by A.S. Byatt   
- *Fences and Windows: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the Globalization Debate* by Naomi Klein
- *The Djinn in the Nightingale's Eye* by A.S. Byatt

## 2005

- *Men in the Off Hours* by Anne Carson 
- *Eros the Bittersweet* by Anne Carson
- *The Beauty of the Husband* by Anne Carson 
- *Recipes for Disaster: An Anarchist Cookbook* by CrimethInc.
- *Four Plays: The Clouds/The Birds/Lysistrata/The Frogs* by Aristophanes 
- *Our Ecstatic Days* by Steve Erickson   
- *The Sea Came in at Midnight* by Steve Erickson   
- *Number9Dream* by David Mitchell   
- *Lighthousekeeping* by Jeanette Winterson   
- *Anansi Boys* by Neil Gaiman  
- *The Beautiful: Collected Poems* by Michelle Tea 
- *Cinderella's Big Score: Women of the Punk and Indie Underground* by Maria Raha
- *Battle Royale* by Yuji Oniki and Koushun Takami  
- *Pussy, King of the Pirates* by Kathy Acker   
- *Crossing to Avalon: A Woman's Midlife Quest for the Sacred Feminine* by Jean Shinoda Bolen
- *Goddesses in Everywoman* by Jean Shinoda Bolen
- *Rent Girl* by Laurenn McCubbin and Michelle Tea
- *Elementals: Stories of Fire and Ice* by A.S. Byatt   
- *The Name of the Rose* by Umberto Eco   
- *The Unending Mystery: A Journey Through Labyrinths and Mazes* by David Willis McCullough 
- *Little Black Book of Stories* by A.S. Byatt   
- *The Couriers Volume 1* by Brian Wood and Rob Goodridge 
- *Zero Girl* by Sam Kieth 
- *Sir Gawain and the Green Knight, Pearl, and Sir Orfeo* by Unknown, J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien

## 2006

- *Art Through the Ages* by Christin J. Mamiya, Helen Gardner, Fred S. Kleiner
- *Decreation: Poetry, Essays, Opera* by Anne Carson 
- *Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders* by Neil Gaiman  
- *The Sleepwalkers: A History of Man's Changing Vision of the Universe* by Herbert Butterfield and Arthur Koestler 
- *Finding Serenity: Anti-Heroes, Lost Shepherds, and Space Hookers in Joss Whedon's Firefly* by Jennifer Goltz et al.
- *Handwriting* by Michael Ondaatje   
- <mark>*Anil's Ghost* by Michael Ondaatje</mark>   
- *Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close* by Jonathan Safran Foer   
- *The Aeneid* by Virgil and Robert Fitzgerald 
- *Violent Cases* by Dave McKean and Neil Gaiman 
- *Weight: The Myth of Atlas and Heracles* by Jeanette Winterson   
- *Divisadero* by Michael Ondaatje   
- *Visions and Longings: Medieval Women Mystics* by Monica Furlong 
- *Channel Zero* by Warren Ellis and Brian Wood 
- *Cloud Atlas* by David Mitchell   
- *Serenity: The Official Visual Companion* by Joss Whedon
- *The Faery Reel: Tales from the Twilight Realm* by Various Authors  
- *Seductress: Women Who Ravished the World and Their Lost Art of Love* by Elizabeth Prioleau
- *Cathedral of the Black Madonna: The Druids and the Mysteries of Chartres* by Jean Markale and Jon Graham
- *Serenity: Those Left Behind* by Brett Matthews et al. 
- *Necklace of Kisses* by Francesca Lia Block   
- *Voodoo Queen: The Spirited Lives of Marie Laveau* by Martha Ward 
- *His Dark Materials Trilogy* by Philip Pullman 
- *My Invented Country: A Memoir* by Isabel Allende 
- *Aphrodite: A Memoir of the Senses* by Isabel Allende
- *We3* by Frank Quitely and Grant Morrison 
- *After the Dance: A Walk Through Carnival in Jacmel and Haiti* by Edwidge Danticat
- *The Farming of Bones* by Edwidge Danticat   
- *A Wolf at the Door: And Other Retold Fairy Tales* edited by Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling  
- *Demo: The Collection* by Becky Cloonan and Brian Wood 
- *Swan Sister: Fairy Tales Retold* edited by Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling  
- *Black Hole* by Charles Burns 
- *The Secret Hour* by Scott Westerfeld 
- *The Green Man: Tales from the Mythic Forest* edited by Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling  
- *Topdog/Underdog* by Suzan-Lori Parks 
- *The Book of the Courtesans: A Catalogue of Their Virtues* by Susan Griffin
- *Madame de Pompadour: Mistress of France* by Christine Pevitt 
- *Supermarket* by Brian Wood 
- *Memories of My Melancholy Whores* by Gabriel García Márquez   
- *Touching Darkness* by Scott Westerfeld 
- *A Walk in the Woods: Rediscovering America on the Appalachian Trail* by Bill Bryson 
- *Blankets* by Craig Thompson 
- *Severance* by Robert Olen Butler   
- *The Ladies of Grace Adieu and Other Stories* by Susanna Clarke

## 2007 

- *Ghostwritten* by David Mitchell   
- *Eat, Pray, Love* by Elizabeth Gilbert 
- *Buffy the Vampire Slayer Vol. 16: Slayer, Interrupted* by Various Authors
- *The Collected Stories* by Amy Hempel   
- *Fun Home: A Family Tragicomic* by Alison Bechdel 
- *Loveless Vol. 1: A Kin of Homecoming* by Brian Azzarello et al. 
- *King Dork* by Frank Portman 
- *It's Kind of a Funny Story* by Ned Vizzini 
- *DMZ Vol. 1: On the Ground* by Brian Azzarello et al. 
- *Buddha* by Karen Armstrong
- *Adverbs* by Daniel Handler   
- *Runaways Deluxe Vol. 1* by Adrian Alphona et al. 
- *Him Her Him Again the End of Him* by Patricia Marx   
- *Transcreation of the Bhagavad Gita* by Ashok Kumar Malhotra 
- <mark>*Mariana* by Katherine Vaz</mark>
- *Special Topics in Calamity Physics* by Marisha Pessl   
- *This Is Not Chick Lit: Original Stories by America's Best Women Writers* by Elizabeth Merrick   
- *A Curtain of Green and Other Stories* by Eudora Welty   
- *Love Is a Mix Tape* by Rob Sheffield 
- *Prayer: A History* by Carol Zaleski and Philip Zaleski 
- *Best of the Oxford American: Ten Years from the Southern Magazine of Good Writing* by Various Authors
- *Blue Noon* by Scott Westerfeld
- *Runaways Deluxe Vol. 2* by Adrian Alphona et al. 
- *New Orleans, Mon Amour: Twenty Years of Writings from the City* by Andrei Codrescu
- *Pride of Baghdad* by Brian K. Vaughan 
- *Tapping the Dream Tree* by Charles de Lint  
- *The End of Mr. Y* by Scarlett Thomas   
- *The Virgin Suicides* by Jeffrey Eugenides   
- *Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang* by Joyce Carol Oates (reread)   
- *1984* by George Orwell   
- *Hamlet* by William Shakespeare
- *High Fidelity* by Nick Hornby   
- *The Book of Laughter and Forgetting* by Milan Kundera   
- *The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn* by Mark Twain (reread)   
- *A Midsummer Night's Dream* by William Shakespeare 
- *Buffy the Vampire Slayer: The Long Way Home* by Joss Whedon 
- *Bitchfest: Ten Years of Cultural Criticism from the Pages of Bitch Magazine* by Various Authors
- *13 Little Blue Envelopes* by Maureen Johnson
- *The Ruby in the Smoke* by Philip Pullman
- *Strapless: John Singer Sargent and the Fall of Madame X* by Deborah Davis 
- *Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows* by J.K. Rowling
- *Runaways Deluxe Vol. 3* by Adrian Alphona et al. 
- *Magic for Beginners* by Kelly Link   
- *Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince* by J.K. Rowling
- *Y: The Last Man Vol. 2: Cycles* by José Marzán Jr. et al. 
- *Y: The Last Man Vol. 3: One Small Step* by José Marzán Jr. et al. 
- *Y: The Last Man Vol. 4: Safeword* by José Marzán Jr. et al. 
- *Y: The Last Man Vol. 5: Ring of Truth* by José Marzán Jr. et al. 
- *Y: The Last Man, Vol. 6: Girl on Girl* by José Marzán Jr. et al. 
- *Y: The Last Man Vol. 7: Paper Dolls* by José Marzán Jr. et al. 
- *Ghost World* by Daniel Clowes 
- *The Historian* by Elizabeth Kostova   
- *Firebirds Rising: An Anthology of Original Science Fiction and Fantasy* by Various Authors  
- *Young Avengers Volume 1: Sidekicks* by Allan Heinberg et al. 
- *Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell* by Susanna Clarke   
- *White Walls: Collected Stories* by Tatyana Tolstoya   
- *Lady Chatterley's Lover* by D.H. Lawrence   
- *Fray: Future Slayer* by Joss Whedon 
- *If on a Winter's Night a Traveler* by Italo Calvino   
- *Young Avengers Volume 2: Family Matters* by Andrea Di Vito et al. 
- *JLA: Earth 2* by Frank Quitely and Grant Morrison 
- *The Turn of the Screw* by Henry James   
- *Zeroville* by Steve Erickson   
- *Pretties* by Scott Westerfeld
- *Uglies* by Scott Westerfeld
- *The New Avengers, Volume 1: Breakout* by Brian Michael Bendis et al. 
- *Civil War: Young Avengers & Runaways* by Zeb Wells et al. 
- *Watchmen* by Alan Moore 
- *Preacher, Volume 1: Gone to Texas* by Steve Dillon et al. 
- *Preacher, Volume 2: Until the End of the World* by Steve Dillon et al. 
- *In Memoriam* by Alfred Tennyson 
- *Looking for Alaska* by John Green
- *Gossip Girl* by Cecily von Ziegesar
- *Specials* by Scott Westerfeld
- *The Stone Gods* by Jeanette Winterson   
- *Lyric Poems* by John Keats 
- *French Women for All Seasons: A Year of Secrets, Recipes, and Pleasure* by Mireille Guiliano

## 2008

- <mark>*The Dud Avocado* by Elaine Dundy</mark>
- *Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist* by Rachel Cohn and David Levithan
- *JPod* by Douglas Coupland   
- *Will the Circle be Unbroken: Country Music in America* by Alanna Nash, Willie Nelson, and Paul Kingsbury
- *Peeps* by Scott Westerfeld
- *Someplace to Be Flying* by Charles de Lint  
- *Devilish* by Maureen Johnson
- *Y: The Last Man Vol. 8: Kimono Dragons* by José Marzán Jr., Pia Guerra, Brian K. Vaughan, and Goran Sudžuka
- *The Shadow in the North* by Philip Pullman
- *Slouching Towards Bethlehem* by Joan Didion   
- *The Penelopiad* by Margaret Atwood   
- *Mansfield Park* by Jane Austen   
- *The Making of a Marchioness* by Frances Hodgson Burnett   
- *Athenais: The Life of Louis XIV's Mistress and the Real Queen of France* by Lisa Hilton 
- *Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day* by Winifred Watson   
- *Blood Roses* by Francesca Lia Block
- *Extras* by Scott Westerfeld
- *Girl at Sea* by Maureen Johnson
- *The Starry Rift: Tales of New Tomorrows* by Various Authors  
- *Suite Scarlett* by Maureen Johnson
- *The Secret History* by Donna Tartt   
- *Les Liaisons dangereuses* by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos   
- *The Graveyard Book* by Neil Gaiman 
- *Labyrinths: Selected Stories & Other Writings* by Jorge Luis Borges   
- *The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao* by Junot Díaz   
- *Nine Stories* by J.D. Salinger   
- *Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List* by Rachel Cohn and David Levithan
- *Twilight* by Stephenie Meyer  
- *Speaking of Faith* by Krista Tippett
- *New Moon* by Stephenie Meyer  
- *Eclipse* by Stephenie Meyer  
- *Pretty Monsters: Stories* by Kelly Link   
- *Jane Austen: A Life* by Carol Shields

## 2009

- *Runaways Vol. 8: Dead End Kids* by Michael Ryan, Christina Strain, and Joss Whedon
- *His Majesty's Dragon* by Naomi Novik  
- *Better Days* by Brett Matthews, Will Conrad, and Joss Whedon
- *Passions of the Mind: Selected Writings* by A.S. Byatt
- *Northanger Abbey* by Jane Austen   
- *Scott Pilgrim's Precious Little Life* by Bryan Lee O'Malley
- *Friday's Child* by Georgette Heyer   
- *Wise Blood* by Flannery O'Connor   
- *Persepolis: The Story of a Childhood* by Marjane Satrapi
- *Coming Through Slaughter* by Michael Ondaatje   
- *Mojo Triangle: Birthplace of Country, Blues, Jazz, and Rock 'n' Roll* by James L. Dickerson
- *The Moviegoer* by Walker Percy   
- *The Coyote Road: Trickster Tales* edited by Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling  
- *Scott Pilgrim vs. The World* by Bryan Lee O'Malley
- *Your Body Is Changing* by Jack Pendarvis   
- *Scott Pilgrim & The Infinite Sadness* by Bryan Lee O'Malley and Steve Buccellato
- The Epic of Gilgamesh 
- *Travels with Herodotus* by Ryszard Kapuściński
- *Scott Pilgrim Gets It Together* by Bryan Lee O'Malley
- *An Open Life: Joseph Campbell in Conversation with Michael Toms* by Joseph Campbell and Michael Toms
- *At the Root of This Longing: Reconciling a Spiritual Hunger and a Feminist Thirst* by Carol Lee Flinders
- *The Bible: A Biography* by Karen Armstrong 
- *Skinny Dipping in the Lake of the Dead* by Anya Johanna DeNiro   
- *The Faerie Queene* by Edmund Spenser 
- *Beowulf* by A.J. Church, Gareth Hinds
- *The Plain Janes* by Cecil Castellucci and Jim Rugg
- *The New York Four* by Ryan Kelly, Brian Wood
- *Scott Pilgrim vs. the Universe* by Bryan Lee O'Malley
- *The Old Man and Me* by Elaine Dundy   
- *The New Avengers Volume 3: Secrets and Lies* by Brian Michael Bendis, Frank Cho, David Finch
- *Runaways Vol. 9: Dead Wrong* by Christina Strain, Terry Moore, Dave Meikis, Humberto Ramos
- *The New Avengers Volume 4: The Collective* by Mike Deodato, Brian Michael Bendis, Steve McNiven
- *The Mighty Avengers Vol. 3: Secret Invasion Vol. 1* by Brian Michael Bendis, Alex Maleev, Khoi Pham
- *Mary Jane Volume 1: Circle of Friends* by Sean McKeever, Takeshi Miyazawa
- *The New Avengers Volume 8: Secret Invasion Book 1* by Brian Michael Bendis, Michael Gaydos, David W. Mack, Billy Tan, Jim Cheung
- *The Mighty Avengers Vol. 2: Venom Bomb* by Brian Michael Bendis, Mark Bagley
- *The New Avengers Volume 5: Civil War* by Howard Chaykin, Olivier Coipel, Pasqual Ferry, Brian Michael Bendis, Leinil Francis Yu, Jim Cheung
- *The Mighty Avengers Vol. 1: The Ultron Initiative* by Brian Michael Bendis, Frank Cho
- *The New Avengers Volume 2: Sentry* by Brian Michael Bendis, Steve McNiven
- *Secret Invasion: Runaways/Young Avengers* by Matthew Ryan, Rick Ketcham, Christina Strain, Christopher Yost, Michael Ryan, Takeshi Miyazawa
- *Vulcan's Glory* by D.C. Fontana  
- *The New Avengers Volume 9: Secret Invasion Book 2* by Brian Michael Bendis, Michael Gaydos, Billy Tan, Jim Cheung
- *The New Avengers Volume 7: The Trust* by Brian Michael Bendis, Leinil Francis Yu
- *Young Avengers Presents: 1-6* by Paul Cornell, Ed Brubaker, Paco Medina, Harvey Tolibao, Alan Davis, Mark Brooks, Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, Brian Reed, Matt Fraction
- *Runaways Vol. 10: Rock Zombies* by Terry Moore, Takeshi Miyazawa
- *The New Avengers Volume 6: Revolution* by Brian Michael Bendis, Alex Maleev, Leinil Francis Yu
- *Mary Jane Volume 2: Homecoming* by Sean McKeever, Takeshi Miyazawa
- *MySpace Dark Horse Presents: Volume 1*
- *The River of Lost Footsteps: Histories of Burma* by Thant Myint-U 
- *Outcasts United: A Refugee Team and an American Town* by Warren St. John
- *This Girl for Hire* by G.G. Fickling  
- *A Room of One's Own* by Virginia Woolf
- *River of Shadows: Eadweard Muybridge and the Technological Wild West* by Rebecca Solnit 
- *Persuasion* by Jane Austen   
- *London: A History* by A.N. Wilson 
- *Middlemarch* by George Eliot   
- *A Natural History of Love* by Diane Ackerman 
- *What Time Devours* by A.J. Hartley  
- *The Mammoth Book of 20th Century Ghost Stories* by Various Authors  
- *The Land of Laughs* by Jonathan Carroll   
- *Wuthering Heights* by Emily Brontë   
- *The Restless Dead: Ten Original Stories of the Supernatural* by Various Authors  
- *Street Gang: The Complete History of Sesame Street* by Michael Davis 
- *Franny and Zooey* by J.D. Salinger   
- *Paper Towns* by John Green
- *Willful Creatures* by Aimee Bender   
- *The Oxford Book of Modern Fairy Tales* by Alison Lurie  
- *A Study in Scarlet* by Arthur Conan Doyle 
- *The Mammoth Book of Fairy Tales* by Mike Ashley

[Back to top](#) | [Return to reading list](/reading/)